pill/README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dtfbvvkyp/image/upload/v1566331377/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/d/total.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

## Learning Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains over 1500 video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## Laravel Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the Laravel [Patreon page](https://patreon.com/taylorotwell).

- **[Vehikl](https://vehikl.com/)**
- **[Tighten Co.](https://tighten.co)**
- **[Kirschbaum Development Group](https://kirschbaumdevelopment.com)**
- **[64 Robots](https://64robots.com)**
- **[Cubet Techno Labs](https://cubettech.com)**
- **[Cyber-Duck](https://cyber-duck.co.uk)**
- **[British Software Development](https://www.britishsoftware.co)**
- **[Webdock, Fast VPS Hosting](https://www.webdock.io/en)**
- **[DevSquad](https://devsquad.com)**
- [UserInsights](https://userinsights.com)
- [Fragrantica](https://www.fragrantica.com)
- [SOFTonSOFA](https://softonsofa.com/)
- [User10](https://user10.com)
- [Soumettre.fr](https://soumettre.fr/)
- [CodeBrisk](https://codebrisk.com)
- [1Forge](https://1forge.com)
- [TECPRESSO](https://tecpresso.co.jp/)
- [Runtime Converter](http://runtimeconverter.com/)
- [WebL'Agence](https://weblagence.com/)
- [Invoice Ninja](https://www.invoiceninja.com)
- [iMi digital](https://www.imi-digital.de/)
- [Earthlink](https://www.earthlink.ro/)
- [Steadfast Collective](https://steadfastcollective.com/)
- [We Are The Robots Inc.](https://watr.mx/)
- [Understand.io](https://www.understand.io/)
- [Abdel Elrafa](https://abdelelrafa.com)
- [Hyper Host](https://hyper.host)
- [Appoly](https://www.appoly.co.uk)
- [OP.GG](https://op.gg)

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell via [taylor@laravel.com](mailto:taylor@laravel.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

tests with Laravel now works

pill/README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dtfbvvkyp/image/upload/v1566331377/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/d/total.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Laravel Pill
Laravel is one of PHP's most popular open source frameworks. It is simple, very powerful, and with a set of tools that provide us with everything necessary to develop a large project.

Laravel's objective is to be a framework that allows the use of a refined and expressive syntax to create code in a simple way, avoiding the «spaghetti code» and allowing a multitude of functionalities. Take advantage of all the good of other frameworks and use the features of the latest versions of PHP. Are you ready?

## Requirements
-You must use GIT. It is important that the indications and commits are explicit and concrete enough to be able to understand the changes without the need to require additional information as much as possible.
-Create a clear and orderly directory structure
-Both the code and the comments must be written in English
-Use the camelCase code style for defining variables and functions
-In the case of using HTML, never use online styles
-In the case of using different programming languages ​​always define the implementation in separate terms
-Remember that it is important to divide the tasks into several sub-tasks so that in this way you can associate each particular step of the construction with a specific commit
-You should try as much as possible that the commits and the planned tasks are the same
-Delete files that are not used or are not necessary to evaluate the project

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

## Learning Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains over 1500 video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## Laravel Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the Laravel [Patreon page](https://patreon.com/taylorotwell).

- **[Vehikl](https://vehikl.com/)**
- **[Tighten Co.](https://tighten.co)**
- **[Kirschbaum Development Group](https://kirschbaumdevelopment.com)**
- **[64 Robots](https://64robots.com)**
- **[Cubet Techno Labs](https://cubettech.com)**
- **[Cyber-Duck](https://cyber-duck.co.uk)**
- **[British Software Development](https://www.britishsoftware.co)**
- **[Webdock, Fast VPS Hosting](https://www.webdock.io/en)**
- **[DevSquad](https://devsquad.com)**
- [UserInsights](https://userinsights.com)
- [Fragrantica](https://www.fragrantica.com)
- [SOFTonSOFA](https://softonsofa.com/)
- [User10](https://user10.com)
- [Soumettre.fr](https://soumettre.fr/)
- [CodeBrisk](https://codebrisk.com)
- [1Forge](https://1forge.com)
- [TECPRESSO](https://tecpresso.co.jp/)
- [Runtime Converter](http://runtimeconverter.com/)
- [WebL'Agence](https://weblagence.com/)
- [Invoice Ninja](https://www.invoiceninja.com)
- [iMi digital](https://www.imi-digital.de/)
- [Earthlink](https://www.earthlink.ro/)
- [Steadfast Collective](https://steadfastcollective.com/)
- [We Are The Robots Inc.](https://watr.mx/)
- [Understand.io](https://www.understand.io/)
- [Abdel Elrafa](https://abdelelrafa.com)
- [Hyper Host](https://hyper.host)
- [Appoly](https://www.appoly.co.uk)
- [OP.GG](https://op.gg)

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell via [taylor@laravel.com](mailto:taylor@laravel.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
